aframe/README.md, before:

# @micosmo/aframe

The *aframe* package contains Aframe helper components, systems and utilities for constructing Aframe applications.

## PREREQUISITES

* An ECAScript 2015 complient Javascript environment

## INSTALLATION

* NPM Package - `npm install @micosmo/aframe'

## CONTENTS

### [keyboard](./md/keyboard.md)

Keyboard event handler system. Integrates with *keymap* component.

### [keymap](./md/keymap.md)

Keyboard key mapping component.

### [ticker](./md/ticker.md)

Aframe system and component implementation of the [Ticker](../ticker/README.md) tool.

### [misound](./md/misound.md)

Extended version of the Aframe *sound* component.

### [mipool](./md/mipool.md)

Extended verison of the Aframe *pool* component.

### [jukebox](./md/jukebox.md)

Backgound music manager component.

### [button](./md/button.md)

Button controller component.

## IMPORTING

There are no default imports for this package.

Aframe component and system modules can be imported as a complete group by importing *@micosmo/aframe/components* and *@micosmo/aframe/systems*.

## VERSIONS

0.9.2 - Aligns with the Aframe verion that the package is based on.

## AUTHORS

* Bruce Twite - Initial work

## LICENSE

ISC - Internet Systems Consortium

Copyright 2019 Micosmo ([www.micosmo.com](http://www.micosmo.com))

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Updates to method in core. Finished ticker package. Working on components and systems in aframe package,

aframe/README.md, after:

# @micosmo/aframe

The *aframe* package contains Aframe helper components, systems and utilities for constructing Aframe applications.

## PREREQUISITES

* An ECAScript 2015 complient Javascript environment

## INSTALLATION

* NPM Package - `npm install @micosmo/aframe'

## CONTENTS

### [keyboard](./md/keyboard.md)

Keyboard event handler system. Integrates with *keymap* component.

### [keymap](./md/keymap.md)

Keyboard key mapping component.

### [misound](./md/misound.md)

Extended version of the Aframe *sound* component.

### [mipool](./md/mipool.md)

Extended verison of the Aframe *pool* component.

### [jukebox](./md/jukebox.md)

Backgound music manager component.

### [button](./md/button.md)

Button controller component.

### [utils](./md/utils.md)

Aframe and threejs utility services

### [initialise](./md/initialise.md)

Contains imports that must be processed in the applications *index.js*.

## IMPORTING

There are no default imports for this package.

Aframe component and system modules can be imported as a complete group by importing *@micosmo/aframe/components* and *@micosmo/aframe/systems*.

## VERSIONS

0.1.0 - Based on Aframe 0.9.2

## AUTHORS

* Bruce Twite - Initial work

## LICENSE

ISC - Internet Systems Consortium

Copyright 2019 Micosmo ([www.micosmo.com](http://www.micosmo.com))

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
