# @micosmo/aframe/button

Aframe component that implements a virtual button controller that can be triggered by collision detection events, virtual trigger events or keyboard events.
The entity element that the *button* component is attached to can explicitly define the complete look and feel of the button, or alternatively a *style* can be provided that allows the button to configure all or part of the look and feel. The *button* component is configured with a button *press* color that will be applied to the visual element when the button is fires and the pressed state is entered. The color is restored when the button *release* occurs.

## API

### IMPORTING

```javascript
import '@micosmo/aframe/button';
```

### COMPONENTS

#### button

Implements a virtual button controller that generates synthetic *vrbuttondown* and *vrbuttonup* events to the element that the button is connected to.

The *button* component listens to the following events:
* collisionstart : Collision detection event that is generated by a [collider]('./collider') that is also attached to the element.
* collisionend : Collision ended event that is generated by a [collider]('./collider') that is also attached to the element.
* Other events as defined by the schema.

##### SCHEMA

Property | Type | Default | Description
-------- | ---- | ------- | -----------
style | string | '' | A selector for a data group that contains style datasets that define button look and feel. Each dataset maps to a component that controls an aspect of the button. An explicit component definition within the element will override the corresponding style dataset, otherwise the component will be created from the dataset. See [DATASETS](#DATASETS) for more detail.
pressedColor | color | red | The color that is applied to the element that the button component is attached to.
playCooldown | number | 0.5 | The time in seconds that the button cools down before responding to new input events.
keyid | string | '' | The logical key name that is assigned to this *button*. If this is not specified then generic key event listeners are added that will map to all keys in the associated *keymap*. Works fine if the *keymap* is dedicated to the *button*.
events | array[string] | ['triggerDown', 'triggerUp'] | Synthetic events that the *button* will listen for. The first event id will map to the button's *press* behaviour and the second to the button's *release* behaviour. If only one of the events is provided the *button* will simulate a *press* and *release* sequence.
height | number | 0 | Default *height* of the geometry and/or the collider region. Only applies and can override *style*.
width | number | 0 | Default *width* of the geometry and/or the collider region. Only applies and can override *style*.
depth | number | 0 | Default *depth* of the geometry and/or the collider region. Only applies and can override *style*.
key | string | '' | Physical key assigned to the button. Will be applied if *button* element does not have a *keymap* component.
text | string | '' | The text value of the button. Applied when a *style* has been specified and will construct a sub-element to define the displayed text.
textPosition | string | '' | Defines the position of the text relative to the button element if a text value has been provided. Allows fine adjustment of text position. Will override *style*.
textScale | string | '' | Defines the scale of the text if a text value has been provided. Allows fine adjustment of text scale. Will override *style*.

##### METHODS

None

##### PROPERTIES

None

##### DATASETS

Dataset | Description
------- | -----------
collider | Defines style properties for a *collider* component. *height*, *width* and *depth* can be overwritten by *button* schema properties.
geometry | Defines style properties for a *geometry* component. *height*, *width* and *depth* can be overwritten by *button* schema properties.
material | Defines style properties for a *material* component.
text | Defines style properties for a *text* component.
textAlignment | Defines the *position* and *scale* of text. Both *position* and *scale* can be overwritten by *button* schema properties.

## LICENSE

ISC - Internet Systems Consortium

Copyright 2019 Micosmo ([www.micosmo.com](http://www.micosmo.com))

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
